SX-2129 Edit phone number Circuit UI component (#2512)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: packages/circuit-ui/components/PhoneNumberInput/PhoneNumberInput.mdx

<Status variant="experimental" />

The PhoneNumberInput component allows users to input phone numbers.
It provides a user-friendly interface for entering phone numbers, including country code selection and subscriber number.

<Story of={Stories.Base} />
<Props />

## When to use it

When you need to collect a phone number from the user. This could be for contact information, two-factor authentication, or other purposes where a phone number is required.
The component allows the user to select their country code, and normalizes the input to the E.164 format.

## Usage guidelines

- **Do** always accompany the `PhoneNumberInput` field with a visible label. This helps users understand what information is required.
- **Do not** use `PhoneNumberInput` for non-phone number data. It is specifically designed for phone number input and includes specific formatting and validation for phone numbers.

> - **Do not** communicate that a `PhoneNumberInput` field is required on the label or the placeholder. We assume that everything is required for the user unless explicitly said so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Do not** communicate that a `PhoneNumberInput` field is required on the label or the placeholder. We assume that everything is required for the user unless explicitly stated otherwise.
```

- **Do not** use the `readOnly` prop to indicate that the field is optional or not required. The `readOnly` prop only changes the editability of the field, not its requirement status.

<Story of={Stories.Readonly} />

## Optional

The `PhoneNumberInput` component supports optional fields. Use the `optionalLabel` prop to indicate that the field is optional. This label is only displayed when the `required` prop is falsy.

- **Do** use the `optionalLabel` prop to communicate to the user that the phone number input is optional. This can help reduce the cognitive load for the user by clearly indicating which fields are required and which are not.
- **Do not** use the `optionalLabel` prop to communicate other information. It should only be used to indicate that the field is optional.

<Story of={Stories.Optional} />

## Disabled

You should use only when its a critical information from the user that we
already have or need and we do not want the user to edit it easily. A disabled
field should only be open for editing again if a user event is triggered.

<Story of={Stories.Disabled} />

## With Prefix

> The `PhoneNumberInput` component supports prefixes. Use the `withPrefix` prop to add a small prefix to the country code selected input field. This can be useful for adding a flag icon, which can help the user recognize the selected country.
> 
> - **Do** use the `withPrefix` prop to provide relevant visual cues that help guide the user's input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PhoneNumberInput` component supports prefixes. Use the `renderPrefix` prop to add a small prefix to the country code selected input field. This can be useful for adding a flag icon, which can help the user recognize the selected country.

- **Do** use the `renderPrefix` prop to provide relevant visual cues that help guide the user's input.
```
